To do 3-9-2015

For today the plan is the following: 

We are going to set up a networking enviroment with unity for testing purposes. We will start of easy by 
connecting two laptops together through a switch to create a local network. These laptops will not have internet
connectivity for the purpose of keeping only one IP adress that is easy to locate and reach. By using a local
network we will have a setup that closely resembles the one that we will start to work on very soon.

For the testing part:

Once the laptops are connected through the switch we will start rather easy by trying to make two lightbulbs 
synchronize with eachother. This means that there will be a lightbulb on each instance of unity on the two
laptops. These lightbulbs will be accompanied by a switch. The very first thing we are going to try is to make the
switch change color of the lightbulbs on both laptops. After we have tackled this part we will continue by trying
to implement the code used for this into the casanova language using a simple proxy script. Once this works we can
start expanding on the code and find solutions for problems that might occur when both participants press the
button. After we have tested this we will try to time the latency of the connection and up the data that is being
transferred. If this all goes according to plan we will expand the setup with two more laptops and one master 
laptop, this is to make the simulation even more like the augmented reality lab. We will start to test the scene
in a master/slave setup and try to synchronize as much data as possible to test the latency and bandwith to try
and get an approximation of the situation we are going to face in the augmented reality lab.

We will all work together on this part since it is going to require quite a bit of thinking capacity. As far as I
am concerned we have all the necessary documentation in order, we will however spend one hour talking through
everything so that every detail has been taken into account before we pitch the expanded concepts to Pieter.

Lets get to it then!